1) Modify and return the given map as follows: for this problem the map may or may not contain the "a" and "b" keys.
If both keys are present, append their 2 string values together and store the result under the key "ab".

2) Given a map of food keys and topping values, modify and return the map as follows: if the
   key "ice cream" is present, set its value to "cherry". In all cases,
   set the key "bread" to have the value "butter".

3) Modify and return the given map as follows:
if the keys "a" and "b" are both in the map and have equal values, remove them both.

4) Modify and return the given map as follows: if the key "a" has a value, set the key "b" to have
that same value. In all cases remove the key "c", leaving the rest of the map unchanged.

5) Given a map of food keys and their topping values, modify
and return the map as follows: if the key "ice cream" has a value,
set that as the value for the key "yogurt" also. If the key "spinach"
has a value, change that value to "nuts".

6) Modify and return the given map as follows: if exactly one of
the keys "a" or "b" has a value in the map (but not both),
set the other to have that same value in the map.

7) Given a map of food keys and topping values, modify
and return the map as follows: if the key "potato" has a value,
set that as the value for the key "fries". If the key "salad" has a
value, set that as the value for the key "spinach".
8) Modify and return the given map as follows: if the keys "a" and "b"
have values that have different lengths, then set
"c" to have the longer value. If the values exist and have the same length,
change them both to the empty string in the map.

9) Create a Map that will store Employee name and salary.
   Write a logic to retrieve an employee who gets the highest salary.
   Output should be in the below format John Smith=$100000

10) Create a map of Best Buy store.
       Place item id and item name into it. Example (7664847 = Printer, 7879885= TV etc)
       Retrieve all keys and values from a Best Buy map using EntrySet.

11) Create a map of a building. Store floor number and it is associated company name.
           (Example: 1= Google, 2=Syntax etc..). Insert 7 entries with duplicate keys and values.
           Check how many entries you have? Update company on a 4th floor
           Remove company on the 7th floor
           Print your map
